---
title: "Accessing a Synology NAS from another subnet"
excerpt: "Why you might need to disable DDoS protection to access your network-attached-storage system from another subnet."
categories:
  - Tech
tags:
  - Synology
  - Debian
  - network
  - Linux
last_modified_at: 2019-02-05
---

Some months ago I purchased an access point to have better wifi in our living room. I was lazy and just put it in the same subnet as all other clients (`192.168.1.0/24`).
Within the recent weeks I decided to separate the different clients into three subnets (`192.168.1.0/24`, `192.168.2.0/24` and `192.168.3.0/24`) and now faced a problem I struggled to solve.

I could `ping` almost every client in every subnet except for my Macbook Pro (subnet 3) and the Synology NAS (subnet 1). It took me two days to find out that there is a *stealth mode* which prevents the device from answering ICMP requests for example. Fixed that.

The bigger issue was my Synology DS718 on which I had Plex running. The TV resided in subnet 2 and the NAS in subnet 1. I played around with network settings (changing netmask from 255.255.255.0 to 255.255.0.0., using a static IP, changing routes at the gateway). Even had `tcpdump` running on all devices.

I was almost putting every back to how it was before until I found a checkbox in the _Control Panel_ under _Security_ > _Protection_: **Enable DoS protection**.

I remembered activating it because it seemed like a nice feature but it actually seems to ignore _all_ communication from different subnets instead of just filtering out traffic from the interwebs.

**TL;DR**: If you want to access your Synology NAS from another subnet you need to disable DDoS protection (at least on the interface which is connected to your network).
