---
title: "Motorcycle gear - road tested"
excerpt: "After almost over a year of having a motorcycle and recently putting some 3.800 kilometers on it in one trip I like to share what "
categories:
  - motorcycle
tags:
  - motorcycle
  - gear
  - review
last_modified_at: 2019-09-05
---

Udacity Data Analyst Nanodegree

What I learned about learning at home without fixed schedules.

I tend to pursue different interests that are more or less related to by line of work. After I spend some six months in 2016 at the Georg-Simon-Ohm university where I pursued a certificate for purchase controlling I decided to have deeper look into data analysis. A rather short review of the available courses revealed that the Data Analyst Nanodegree from Udacity seemed to be the best fit for me. It was interactive, somehow supported by renowned companies and it was quite affordable compared to a university course/certificate/degree.

- first term
- first term - projects (links to github)

- second term
- second term - projects (links to github)
- great: Tableau - to bad that you have to save everything online and cannot have local copies of the stuff you are working on.


---

Flint Town

I like being in the states and I am very much interested in the stuff you do not see as a tourist. Sometimes thats good, especially if high crime areas/places are concerned. Anyway: the Netflix documentary is an eye opener and gives a good insight in what went on in the town of Flint, Michigan.

---

Taking the bus from Lima to Arequipa

Getting from Arequipa to Cusco

3 days at Cusco

Leaving Cusco towards La Paz

Getting to Uyuni from La Paz

Salar de Uyuni

Leaving Bolovia towards Calama




1234 miles on 2 wheels

abs: We drove from the middle of Germany to Amsterdam, took the ferry to Newcastle upon Tyre from where we headed straight to Scotland to drive the NC500.

I got my drivers license for riding a motor cycle in 2018, bought a Triumph Street Twin and did a small tour in Saxony with one of my best friends. It was a nice experience and so we planned on doing a bigger trip. We decided to give Scotland a third try. We have been there two times, everytime by car and liked it a lot. So why not try it on two motor cycles.

---
The trip
---

Getting to the ferry.

As we are living in the middle of nowhere we had to drive 600kms to get to Amsterdam from where the ferry was going. Driving on motorways in Germany is everything but enjoyable due to the fact that they are either full or packed with road work. We took it slow and split the 600km into two pieces. We stayed at < > and drove to IJmuiden were we got on the Ferry.

Taking the ferry to Newcastle upon Tyre

We got on the ferry, secured the bikes and went to our cabin. ...

Leaving Newcastle upon Tyne towards Scotland




---
The equipment
---

Clothing / gear:
- Highway 1 Denim jeans with knee protectors
- Knox Armoured Shirt
- Knox Sports Top
- Knox Kenton jacket
- ICON SuperDuty 5 shoes
- Shoei Ex-Zero with 100% googles
- Mil-Tec water proof pants and jacket
- Amazy overshoes
- Cardo Freecom 4+ intercom

- Legend gear tail bag
- Legend gear tank bag (magnetic)

Luggage:
- 10 boxer shorts
- 10 shirts
- 10 pair of socks
- pair of shoes
- a short
- dopp kit
- 2 microfleece towels
- GoPro (+ 3 spare batteries)
- Morphie Juice Pack
